Hi everyone Thank you as much as you can teach guitar know-how
nb
This guitar course is f also a hotel Aso b 8 Beginners are easy to stumble Somewhat middle class people
Easy to hold action Well then also aid the people of the senior person is a pay bar its berth
I will talk about how you say that you are not good at overcoming
This is not everything anymore
If you can look at it without reference
It is the first thing I think is good
Yeah it's also been published but f is the code
Is this kind of domination are you with you after all weak Te
It is fine and I say this volleyball code
Well
The wind of how the first out how to focus
I think that you think, but in fact, how is such a valley code like this
Do you lose power
It is important of
At the beginning this way to hold back
The mon you are not familiar with respect to say Rutte put a grip to put the power in hand to reverse
I think that I can not hold back that
That
To say to continue its long period to some extent the progress to be carried out for one hour a day Toka 2 hours
After all that long draw
It's a close live, and I'll pick it up
Even though I think that people Toka often do the Takuroku own recording
After all it will be 3
I right hand Once was more of'm tired that left-handed with people of the left hand
Because those who are action
So how do you do your best
As I gradually get used to it, I think that some people will see it, but like f
To
There is a way to curb it, even in advanced professionals
With thumb
Neun pressing a fret sixth string
The neck can that do really this also but I'm comfortable
It is also important to choose the one with a thin neck, but if it is too thin then c
But if Toka is good to hold the basic code of the number
There is also a demerit that the finger hits other dogs .
So just look for the thin child of the neck just because the code is easy to hold down
Also
It's a difficult place, and to put it the other way round
Classical guitar but it is thick with roots something
So
These were Chords You can Once you get used but these were Chords
I do not see so much
So although a little story was derailed
Also I'd keep doing that what the wind and I do of course this if we
If we come out, we will put more power on the remaining middle finger ring finger little finger than putting pressure on the child's index finger
It must be only three this put
I 'm doing a little bad example right now , but if the original comes out with only these three
As a report, the questionnaire is cleaned up
To b of the code to pass in
Even the middle finger ring finger little finger
After that there is also
How do you feel
Sound is realized
So what about trying to protect the first house and try
Of course all of the matters that must have to become that all of the matter is there that kept
It is important though
So how
Do you let go
The wind of how so code is pushed by the force of the final limit
If you changed that way of thinking
Feelings are also becoming easier to that it pains
Also in the Well cheap guitar
In I think you and seeded to 10,000 yen
I'm doing it so much I remember from Cauchy I remember Lee I remember something
that stumbled'm really too good to say I quit guitar came to f Toka b
so
Once you get used to it
a
Ideas come to be granted a variety I melody ended without drawn Toka action
Come to be able to suppress various actions without
You will be able to write clothes too
There are individual differences, so I don't dare mention that it's months or years
But also
It was only when I reached such a point that I had an examination of the real music
I think you can get
So as not to stumble as much as possible Te its f Toka p
Please try and for that kind of person I will not squeeze the wisdom without it
Than I would let us continue guitar course
Even though I know it is it that another proposal
I mentioned the previous video a little bit, but the code of f
To the wind major 7th in the picture book
The index finger I think you can Tteyuu
Well 2 cases 1 fret
So the middle finger is 3 frets 2 frets
The ring finger
Well it's 3 frets of 4 strings so
This is from 4 cases
If it is this, it is perfect
It becomes action of that major seventh, but this index finger
One string and two strings
Hold the 1st and 2nd strings of the 1st bait and the middle finger
3 strings 2 frets
so
The ring finger and the 4 frets 3 frets will make the af and close sound
There are a lot of big things coming up with this
After all
If it is the way of holding if this is also after the correction because it is a evil way
Recognition that there is no
I will hold such an eighth code on that
It is one way to cope with such things
Or if you really want to avoid those things
For example, when you play and talk
I used to use kapotasuto before , though
For example, if it is f in the past, it will be overworked if you hold the cd in the form of 5 frets
It is recommended two of these ways of holding , but
Please think that this is a cap, so let's start here
Hmm
Hmmm I think this
Just say two high
And it went as Well of os
Because it is a hearing
It entered the 5 fret
I 'm going to
cd chai and
In that part, write it out
Only now
That Dzura was because I was in any event Well this code in this kind of wind such a street countries
It is necessary to write out that you represent in other actions.
The code is only now because I shifted the fret
I have to go down the price or I have to go up
Such things also little by little
How the chord works The fret mechanism works with the scale
I 've been touching with videos a little bit , but I'm following those things
In order to overcome that little by little
Please try your best If there are any other troubles or comments on this video
I will leave the field open
If you ask that question, you can think together with you
To
I think so
If you think that you can not answer in the text
There are also times when I make that video I do not know that all that can not be answered
The range that can be
We would like to both thinking what Tteyuu so went weak overcome method
Thank you in the future
Thank you for watching